[DJM Databricks] Update docs to clarify IP access list level (#30809)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/data_jobs/databricks.md

### Set up Data Jobs Monitoring with Databricks Networking Restrictions
With [Databricks Networking Restrictions][12], Datadog may not have access to your Databricks APIs, which is required to collect traces for Databricks job executions along with tags and other metadata.

> If you are controlling Databricks API access with [IP access lists][13], allow-listing Datadog's specific {{< region-param key="ip_ranges_url_webhooks" link="true" text="webhook IP addresses" >}} allows Datadog to connect to the Databricks APIs in your workspaces/account. See Databricks's documentation for configuring IP access lists for [workspaces][16] and/or [an account][17] to give Datadog API access. If you are authenticating with a Personal Access Token (Legacy), only the IP access lists for workspaces need to be configured. If you are authenticating with a Service Principal for OAuth, the IP access lists for workspaces and the account need to be configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are controlling Databricks API access with [IP access lists][13], allow-listing Datadog's specific {{< region-param key="ip_ranges_url_webhooks" link="true" text="webhook IP addresses" >}} allows Datadog to connect to the Databricks APIs in your workspaces/account. See Databricks's documentation for configuring IP access lists for [individual workspaces][16] and at the [account level][17] to give Datadog API access. Updating the IP access lists **at both the workspace and account level is required** for the Databricks integration. **Note:** Datadog only uses Databricks account level APIs for refreshing your service principal's client secret.
```
